Ensure execute permission is set for Sentry CLI and symbol upload script downloaded via editor (#881)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix warnings caused by deprecated Cocoa SDK API usages ([#868](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/868))
- Fix Sentry cURL transport can't send envelopes on Linux ([#882](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/882))

> - Ensure execute permission is set for Sentry CLI and symbol upload script downloaded via editor ([#881](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/881))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now ensures the execute permission is set for Sentry CLI and symbol upload script when they have been downloaded via the Editor ([#881](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/881))
```
